so basically what you're telling me is
you're either
way either you are scared to quit your
job you're scared to stay in your job
and you're scared to not fulfill your
potential and if you don't fulfill your
potential then you're going to be scared
so you're just scared either
way
yeah yeah so what makes you run away
from Fear
[Music]
how do I uh utilize my potential to the
fullest because I don't know that myself
I don't know what to work on what what
what if you
never never utilize your potential what
would be the problem with
that yes I I feel very bad what makes
you feel bad to not utilize your
potential
I feel like I would
not live up to White what uh live up
to what I could have done in this life
in this short span of time and I I feel
like I'm just I just have this very less
time what's the problem and what's the
problem with not doing what you could
have
done um I think I feel like my talents
would get wasted yeah what's the problem
with your talent getting with
him it means that I didn't live a fuller
life yeah what's the problem with not
living a fuller life I know it sounds
like we're going nowhere but we're going
somewhere like go to the basic core
of you didn't do anything nothing
happened you didn't fulfill
anything I would feel like I did not EX
at the things that I could do well not
that's not a that's not a
feeling you said I would feel like
that's not a feeling what's what's the
feeling you would
feel I
fear you would feel
fear I fear that I would not live the my
life to the
fullest so so basically what you're
telling me is you're either
way either you are scared to quit your
job you're scared to stay in your job
and you're scared to not fulfill your
potential and if you don't fulfill your
potential then you're going to be scared
so you're just scared either
way
yeah yeah so what makes you run away
from
Fear like feel the fear right now in
your system
oh wow did you what yeah what just
happened
there I saw like sadness is was that
sadness that I saw yeah all this fear to
stop the
Heartbreak what is it like to just like
invite that heartbreak to like f it's
such a wonderful
thing it's it's not a wonderful thing
it's a it's a very
ah go
ahead it's a very uh uncomfortable
feeling oh wait just just to make sure
is it is the Heartbreak uncomfortable or
is your resistance to the Heartbreak
uncomfortable if you don't resist the
heart okay so you feel the Heartbreak if
you don't resist
it how does it change and then so we're
going to you're going to feel the
Heartbreak then you're going to resist
it and then you're going to not resist
it and tell me how it
changes the Heartbreak came because you
realized you're because fear any
way you do it you're going to be scared
yeah there it
is now resist
that now allow it embrace it love it
like a little kid
what's the
difference I
feel a little
bit more
courage oh just as far as comfort you
said it's uncomfortable does the
Heartbreak become more comfortable when
you resist
it when you don't resist it
um it becomes more I feel a little
something here uh the way that I feel
when I'm afraid mhm when I when I let it
go when I let that feeling pass by it it
feels better feels like if once that
passes I can breathe yeah again yeah my
experience when you Embrace heartbreak
all the way is that it incre inrees Your
Capacity to
love that it's it's a incredible
pleasure but not if you not if you
resist it not if you think there's
something wrong with
it so but besides that what what what
makes it that your heart breaks when you
realize that everywhere you go all there
is is
fear you started to feel the fear and as
soon as you did the Heartbreak opened up
where did you learn to turn your
heartbreak into fear is another way to
ask the
question I think
it's
uh everyone telling me you can't you
won't be able
to from a very from a very young age
okay I'm just curious what's going to
happen here you can't you won't be able
to
what just happened in you when I said
that I'm
angry
yeah a lot of people told Gandhi he
couldn't he wouldn't be able
to a lot of people told
me what
what if it's true but maybe not the way
you thought about it may what if you
actually can't do
it meaning that like it's you're G to
it's got to be something greater than
you or you're going to need a lot of
help
or you can't do it on your own
or you need to allow for Grace or
whatever words you want to use like if
you think about it that way like oh I
can't do this this is something
that requires more than just
me what happens in your
system if if I because I have thought
about it and
I have got this feeling that probably I
need more help I need more people more
people helping me out mhm uh but I still
want to
try I do want to try
yeah um so I just want you to notice
something when you first came in and
asked me
questions it was I'm scared to do this
I'm scared I'll be trapped I'll be
scared and we hit that fear and now
there's this Clarity in you that's just
like I want to try yeah I'm going to
need help and I want to
try I don't where as soon as you
actually just face the fear and you
start feeling the Heartbreak your
Clarity comes
online yeah and so let's just say I was
like incredibly powerful and I could say
to you you're definitely going to
succeed what does that
change if you believed it if you were
like oh that's absolutely true I know
he's telling the truth I'm definitely
going to succeed what what does that
change in you if anything
I think more
confidence I I would say more confident
about what I wanted to
do or anything that I would try because
I don't know what but I want to try many
things but I'd feel more
confident
fascinating right you still you you what
what's clear is that you don't have you
don't even have a i you don't have a
clear idea of what it is that you want
to do and me saying you'll succeed
doesn't give that to
you but what or if you believed it but
what it does give you is the only thing
it gives you is some level of
confidence and then this like urge to
explore so what just stops you from
exploring with the job without the
job what like what if that's the if
that's the underlying urge what stops
that to just
explore I I have uh I think I have this
thing in my mind that I don't have
enough time and I'm like running behind
I'm running short of time for everything
there's the anxiet
yeah I'm yes yes yes I'm I'm very who
has more time who who has more time you
or Jeff
Bezos I do okay Jeff Bezos spends his
first whatever it was three hours every
morning he calls it
wandering but you don't have
time so what I noticed and we don't have
time to work on it now but just
something to to pay attention to is that
when you confront what you
want your emotional response to that is
anxiety oh I might do what I want
anxiety oh I could just explore with or
without the job I don't have a decision
on a job I don't have I just
explore
anxiety
yeah look at all that calmness in you
so just real quick before we go see what
it's like what's something else you
want writing writing I want to write so
now I want you to think about okay I'm
just GNA write for 15 minutes every
day just 15
minutes what is your mind doing what's
your mind saying right
now it's uh possible very much possible
yeah I I have that much time I have more
time than that
okay lot more time and your mind's not
giving you any reason it'll stop you're
like oh that's
easy it just makes it very big in my
head that I have to do this task and
then because it is big in my head it
becomes like I I think through it the
entire day but it just takes me
yeah you see
it thank you so much pleasure